is it hard to work at boundless yes no
yes yeah yes yeah yes it's very hard to
work definitely not yeah pretty good
work about us I think it found this is
hard it's the good kind of hard there's
so many rewards you're surrounded by
beautiful people beautiful scenery so
also in the hard becomes funny me so I
remember when I first discovered bound
this I got so excited when I thought
about the chance to work with the types
of people we work with here and in the
environment we get to work with them the
people that you get to work with
actually exceeded my expectations was
just amazing so we have one group this
summer that they struggled a bit while
we were here on base camp and they made
us a bit nervous when we got there the
first night they really came out of
their shells and Excel they had so much
fun with each other and setting up camp
was a lot easier than we thought where's
my intern year I was clueless first of
all and the returning staff kind of took
us in to some of their wing taught us
everything we needed to know from
canoeing to how to talk to people to how
to facilitate a program and this job has
just kind of held me it's challenging
and it's diverse it also give gave me
like new ideas for other options to
pursue working here for six years is
kind of giving me a different direction
and now I want to kind of get into
counseling psychology and and help
people in that way all right so one of
the best things about balance is the
staff team that we have here there's a
point in the summer once you get to know
where you want and you finally figure
out what you're doing where you realize
this team you're on you're like damn
that's a good team and then you realize
there's not any combination of staff
members it would be a bad team and that
trend continues no matter what season
you're here for how long you're here so
it's just just great people to work with
they do great things so I had my canoe
partner we're on a whitewater trip his
name was Mikey and Mikey couldn't swim
using a high float life jacket just
terrified of water he panicked
in flat water like couldn't do anything
by the end of the week we ran a really
big really high water class three rapid
and we swam i tipped the boat i miss my
line we got up and I was worried like my
goofy panicking freaking out and I
grabbed him i start swimmin like Mikey
how are you doing he just throws up the
horns rockin out yells cowboy the entire
time was me dead ii just had a
great time i was setting it on the rocks
by the waterfall with these three
students and they we SAT there in
silence for probably 20 minutes just
these students reaction to being outside
and having finished this trip and being
next to this thundering waterfall to me
that's like i don't know just an amazing
experience to be able to share that with
people who don't get the opportunity to
do that a lot so about 10 years ago i
came here on a leadership and i was
coordinating summer day camp in my town
and they sent to us a group of us from
the community i came at that time i
participated in just different
leadership workshops and you name it
came together as a group and we did a
whitewater program and then kind of like
a stray cat and after that i've just not
left my favorite trip is definitely a
few years ago he had a few different
idol groups that came together and he's
a bit of a science experiment because
usually who comes as a pole and we do
everything together but this was a
little bit different it was a mishmash
of people coming from all over the place
so we decided that a good theme for the
trip would be science experiments so we
literally spent five days just try new
things going on adventures and blowing
stuff up and we had a great time
well I've worked at ballast for 15
summers so that intern year really
turned into Kurt into a career for me
and balances are really exciting place
to work because no two seasons no two
years are ever the same we're always
taking on new projects and delving into
new programs and basically reinventing
things every few years which keeps you
on your toes and keeps it exciting and
interesting what's the hardest thing
about working at boundless thank you bye